= TTA - Test Trend Analyzer

<b>TTA</b> is an independent product that provides a way to do Trend Analysis across your test suites.

On the consumer front, TTA consumes xUnit/* based results and other raw data from across your projects and test frameworks and archives it.
On the view front, TTA provides some simple reports, and a way to create custom reports that displays Test Trends for you.

See the {TTA wiki page}[https://github.com/anandbagmar/tta/wiki] for more information.


== Copyright

/**
 * Created by: Anand Bagmar
 * Email: abagmar@gmail.com
 *
 * Copyright 2013 Anand Bagmar.  Distributed under the Apache 2.0 License
 *
 * See LICENSE.txt for further details.
**/


== Installation steps
* Install ruby 2.4.1
    brew install rbenv ruby-build

    # Add rbenv to bash so that it loads every time you open a terminal
    echo 'if which rbenv > /dev/null; then eval "$(rbenv init -)"; fi' >> ~/.bash_profile
    source ~/.bash_profile

    rbenv rehash
    rbenv install 2.4.1
    rbenv rehash
    rbenv global 2.4.1
    rbenv local 2.4.1

* Install Gems
    gem install bundler
    bundle install --path vendor/bundle

* Install Rails
    gem install rails -v 5.0.1
    rbenv rehash
    rails -v

    bundle install

* Install MySQL 5.7.18 and start the server.
    brew install mysql

* Create users in mysql
    TTA_USER, TTA_PASSWORD, RAILS_ENV=prod

    mysql -uroot
    CREATE USER '<TTA_USER>'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY '<TTA_PASSWORD>';
    GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON * . * TO '<TTA_USER>'@'%';
    FLUSH PRIVILEGES

    Create .my.cnf file in ~ directory with contents
    {code}
    [mysqld]
    bind-address = 0.0.0.0
    {code}

    Restart mysql server

* Using TTA

Get the TTA code from Github by executing the following command from the folder of your choice. 'git clone https://github.com/anandbagmar/tta.git'
Install Bundler and Run the bundle of commands in the same folder using command 'bundle install'
Specify destination path for storing logs in server.
To see the available commands use: 'rake -T'
To setup the database,for test environment use: 'RAILS_ENV=test rake db:create db:setup db:migrate'
To start TTA in test mode use: 'RAILS_ENV=test rails s'
To run the specs use: 'rake spec'
Write rake task to upload logs and hit the server with the given static IP.